Create a trifold poster introducing a startup called FocusDrive that prevents distracted driving.
and information below, "GIDEON: Samantha Mele, a 17-year-old student at Apex High School a few minutes away from where we live. A bright and talented cheerleader. But on April 19th, 2025 her life was unfortunately cut short in a car crash. Samantha was riding with a driver, who got distracted, and crossed into oncoming traffic. NEXT SLIDE Supporters later gathered for a candlelight vigil, remembering a young life full of promise, laughter, and dreams. But the pain of losing her doesn’t just touch one family. NEXT SLIDE
KARTHIK: DISTRACTED DRIVING CAUSES OVER 3,600 DEATHS A YEAR IN THE U.S., YET A SCALABLE, REAL-TIME, AND AFFORDABLE SOLUTION IS STILL MISSING. We, as a community, have a moral responsibility to act. NEXT SLIDE Meet the team committed to that mission: I’m Prahaas Nukala, CEO; Gideon Merakapali, COO; Dhruva Valluru, CFO; Karthik, CMO; and Avy Chellamani, CCO. Through all these tragedies, we saw one thing  — a solution was missing.. NEXT SLIDE
DHRUVA:Until now. This is a device that will revamp the playing field of driver safety and detect distraction at its source: the person behind the wheel. Introducing focus drive, a device that always alerts even- when you're not. After FocusDrive spots a distracted driver it immediately alerts the driver to refocus. Once your vehicle hits 15 mph, FocusDrive activates, silently scanning the driver in real-time using two powerful systems.  NEXT SLIDE 
AVY: First, Facial Focus Awareness tracks key facial points like eyes and nose, calculating head angles and pupil direction to detect if the driver is looking on the road. NEXT SLIDE Second, Object Distraction Detection watches hand movements and identifies distractions like phone use. NEXT SLIDE If either system senses inattention, it immediately triggers an audible alert — correcting driver behavior. Packed into a unit that plugs into any car’s 12V outlet. DEMOOO
GIDEON:FocusDrive targets four key markets. First, the business-to-consumer segment, bringing our product directly to the public. Then we go business-to-business: like insurance companies seeking fewer claims, rental car companies whose cars often lack detection systems, and lastly car manufacturers who want built-in, affordable distraction detection software in every vehicle.
PRAHAAS: With our device comes a synced app that gives you personalized driver reports, showing how often you're distracted, what’s distracting you, and at what speeds. It sets goals to boost your focus, and as your distraction rate drops, your focus score rises, proving you’re becoming a safer driver. And here's the kicker, insurance companies can sync with the app, offering lower premiums and rewards for safe driving. We're not just preventing collisions, we're building better driving habits.
SOMEBODY:  This sounds creative, but what about my tesla, that already gives me these alerts.
GIDEON: Our biggest competitor is the Advanced Driver Assistance System, found in high-end cars like Teslas and BMWs. ADAS sounds impressive — but there’s a catch. ADAS reacts to the consequences of distracted driving, whereas FocusDrive attacks the root cause — driver behavior.While ADAS can take up to 10 seconds to respond and correct course, while FocusDrive alerts drivers within 0.4 seconds of attention drifting — stopping danger before it starts. We analyzed the pricing of our competitors and used it as a benchmark. That’s why FocusDrive is launching at just $120—delivering a cost-effective solution without compromising quality.  NEXT SLIDE To put it simply, we focus on accessibility while offering standout value: our product is universally compatible, we have an app that improves driving patterns long term, easy to install, and most importantly tackles the root cause of distracted driving. 
DHRUVA: We asked the world what they thought. And the world said yes. Loudly.  NEXT SLIDE Through 800 surveys and 78  online interviews and 23 in person , drivers, parents, nonprofits, and industry experts told us the same thing, FocusDrive isn't just wanted, it was needed. NEXT SLIDE
PRAHAAS: We first designed the low-fidelity prototype, then built a high-fidelity V1 focused on phone detection, starting our first round of testing by gathering feedback. Valuable meetings with industry experts gave us key insights. NEXT SLIDE A major one from Rob Foss, SENIOR RESEARCH SCIENTIST at UNC’s Center for the Study of Young Drivers, told us, “Distraction isn’t just about what’s in a driver’s hands—it’s about where their attention is.” NEXT SLIDE This led to our Facial Focus Awareness feature and our high-fidelity V2 prototype. NEXT SLIDE
GIDEON: In our second round of testing, we moved into real-world testing, partnering with local fleets operators and individual drivers to install devices in active vehicles.  We grouped drivers by distraction risk: high risk, mid risk, and low risk. Most started as high- or mid-risk, but after just one week, attention improved by 44%, and 60% moved to a lower risk level. While impressed by the technology, many felt the device was bulky—more like a walkie-talkie than a safety tool. Drivers reported alerts during low-speed moments or brief GPS use. Based on their feedback, we refined FocusDrive adding an accelerometer that activates only above 15 MPH. It now blends into any car without losing performance. NEXT SLIDE . 
Avy: Our real world testing showed us that FocusDrive can make an impact on many companies. Let’s take State Farm for example: Each year they lose 12 billion dollars, if just 60% of drivers improved, then they will save 7 billion dollars. For insurance fleets, fewer crashes means more savings, we also provide a greater appeal to investors who are looking for smarter, and safer operations. But most of all we appeal to families whose loved ones are kept safe. 

KARTHIK: No good business exists withogut a strong market.  FocusDrive’s TAM includes over 1.4 billion vehicles globally, giving a value of $168 billion. Our SAM narrows to the U.S., with approximately 225 million vehicles, valued at $27 billion. Our SOM targets high-impact vehicles including vehicles insured by major safe-driving program providers,  rental and fleet use, vehicles sold without built-in safety systems, and high-risk or safety-conscious drivers such as teens, seniors, and parents. This results in a revenue opportunity of over $1.04 billion. NEXT SLIDE
PRAHAAS: To make a meaningful impact, we partnered with the ones on the screen. These organizations didn’t just endorse FocusDrive, they became amplifiers of our mission, helping us raise awareness and drive change.  NEXT SLIDE

KARTHIK: For marketing, we'll focus on both B2B and B2C. On the B2B side, we'll attend major conferences like CES to pitch our product to fleet operators. For B2C, we’ll use platforms like TikTok and Instagram to raise awareness and promote our solution to distracted driving. NEXT SLIDE

DHRUVA: Here’s our go-to-market strategy:
Year 1: Prioritize B2B—partnering with insurance providers, rental fleets, and OEMs. We'll secure patents, prove traction as a  key player, and build a foundation for credibility.
Year 2: Begin scaling our B2C efforts, building on early awareness and expanding into the consumer market, while continuing B2B growth.
Years 3–4: Deepen partnerships with major insurers and auto manufacturers, and expand internationally into markets like Japan, Germany, and India.
Year 5: With manufacturing optimized and costs lowered, we’ll fully launch B2C, making FocusDrive available to every driver. NEXT SLIDE

DHRUVA: The main revenue streams include device hardware sales, B2B licensing and funding from state initiatives. 

AVY: In Year 1, FocusDrive plans to sell 10,000 units at $120 each, generating $1.2 million in revenue. Initially, manufacturing through PCB will cost approximately $70 per unit, with an additional $55 per unit in distribution, marketing, and other expenses—totaling around $1.255 million in costs. This results in a projected first-year loss of $55,000. However, this is expected and strategic.NEXT SLIDE: By Year 2, we will scale production, reducing our manufacturing cost to $30 per unit and $15 for storage, marketing, and shipping, dramatically lowering expenses. We expect to go beyond break even in Year 2, with projected annual growth of 40% every year. Additionally, the price of FocusDrive is set to increase by 15% each year, further improving revenue. At scale, our average profit margin will reach 62.5%, and by Year 5, we anticipate strong profitability and expanding margins, as detailed in our financial projections.

PRAHAAS:  Let's take a brief look at what all these steps produce. After components are sourced from Macrofab, they then get shipped to ShipBob, which is a distribution center, to finish the manufacturing process. Finally after the unit is assembled at the distribution center it will get shipped to customers.  NEXT SLIDE                                                      
DHRUVA:  In our 10 min presentation, 13  people have been severely injured from distracted driving and 2 have died . We hope, sorry, WE KNOW we can change that, by most importantly stopping accidents like Samantha's from happening again with FocusDrive – Stay Alert, Stay Alive. 


"
